# 1PROMOS.COM
1PROMOS.COM IS THE UMBRELLA WEBSITE FOR THE NETWORK OF SITES
DESCRIPTION: THE SITE IS MADE UP OF THINGS I AM PASSIONATE ABOUT THAT WILL ACT AS INCOME CHANNELS THAT I CAN RETIRE INTO. 1. THERE ARE 15 DIRECTORIES FOR BUSINESSES LOCATED ON VERY SPECIFIC DOMAION NAMES RELATED TO EACH BUSINESS CATEGORY. 2. THERE IS A WEBSITE CALLED 1MILLIONPROMOS.COM THAT IS A PROMOTIONAL PRODUCT STORE CONTAINING 1 MILLION PROMOS AVAILABLE THROUGH PROMOTIONAL PRODUCT SUPPLIERS THAT CAN BE IMPRINTED WITH YOUR COMPANY LOGO OR MESSAGE. 3. BESTPRODUCTSONTHENET.COM IS MY BLOG WHERE I NETWORK WITH FANTASTIC PRODUCT INVENTORS AND MANUFUCTURERS AND ALLOW THEM TO LOGIN TO ADD THEIR LATEST AND GREATEST PRODUCTS IN WHICH I WILL REQUEST TO BE ASSOCIATED WITH THEIR AFFILIATE PROGRAM. 4. 3 ECOMMERCE WEBSITES CONTAINING SHOPPING CARTS, ISELLNOW.COM, WEIRDGADGETS.COM, AND BAITANDTACKLE.COM. IN MY QUEST TO SEARCH THE WEB FOR THE BEST PRODUCTS ON THE NET I WILL ALLOW THE OWNERS OF THESE PRODUCTS TO NOT ONLY BLOG ABOUT THEM BUT TO ALLOW THEM TO ALSO ADD THEIR PRODUCTS TO ONE OR ANY STORE OF THEIR CHOICE TO SELL THEIR PRODUCTS MINUS A VERY SMALL SERVICE CHARGE FOR MY EFFORTS IN MAKING SALES THROUGH MY NETWORK. 5. PICTSHIRT.COM WHICH IS A SITE THAT I WISH TO SELL PICTURES OF SPECTACULAR LOCATIONS WORLD WIDE THAT YOU MAY HAVE VISITED AND YOU CAN ADD A PHOTO OF YOURSELF WITH A TITLE OR TAG LINE TO CREATE A VERY MEMORABLE SOUVENIUER FOR SHOWING OFF YOUR VACATION. MANY TIMES YOU GO AWAY AND TAKE PICTURES BUT YOU WANT THAT PERFECT T-SHIRT THAT SAYS IT ALL AND LOOKS FANTASTIC. TO ACCOMPLISH THIS I WOULD LIKE TO NETWORK WITH GRAPHIC DESIGNERS AND PEOPLE WITH THE BEST PICTURES OF LOCATIONS AROUND THE GLOBE TO BE ABLE TO PUT TOGETHER A WELL DESIGNED UNIQUE, ONE-OF-A-KIND SHIRT THAT WILL STAND OUT AND INCLUDE PICTURES OF THE TRAVELLERS AND RELECT YOUR VACATION AND A MEMORABLE KEEPSAKE THAT WILL BE A VERY FANTASTIC ICE BREAKER WHEN WORN IN PUBLIC.
